I hope you are very well in this
I'm going to make a stitch of
embroidery and I'm going to apply it on this handle
and you know you can apply it in the
design of your preference
was going to be a combined handle and for
pointed I'm going to use these three tones and
as always you can use the colors
that you want
with this strong tone in simple thread
I already have five lines here and we're going to go
back we're going to work the two strands
together the two colors together the two
they are going to do in a simple thread I already have
this needle here with the one just
make my five lines vertically and with
the other tone I also have my needle
here
I'm going to leave the pitch needle pending
strong and with the simple tone I return to
make five lines
five lines in vertical together we're going to
go alternating the lines
five strong lines and five lines
clear like that until filling our design
with these threads
with these vertical lines
I already have the five lines of each of
the colors I got rid of these tones and
now with the third tone that is going to be
this in single strand I already have fixed
here the thread on the earth and we're going to
pass it
evra of this tone above the
clear of the light tone and below the
lines of the second
of the strongest color above by
down
above the light color and below
of strong color
I already passed my thread of the 3rd tone over
and below above and below until
get to the contour I went back to take out and
I'm going to do this same step
four times more so that in total it has
the five lines of this tone
the five lines are already
these were left to the strong color
up and the light color down now
let's do the opposite good and let
a space to do these again
five lines and we're going to make them
on the contrary bat is like a saucer
let's put now below the
clear
and above the strong color
up the
above the color of the strong color and below
of the clear
above the strong color and below the
Clear
above
down the five lines
up down the 5 lines
above
down
fixed to me and I'm going to repeat 5 times
this same
and I will go alternating and I have my
horizontal lines
in one of the strong color lines
of the strong yellow were left up and in
the next row down up and down and
the light color contrary to what
the lines were left
strong down up up down now
with this same thread of the third shift
let's put the needle diagonally
each of the lines of the third tone
only below the lines
down the lines
down like this
they have told me not to get too close
the embroidery towards the camera because
erase good ones that do not reach to appreciate
I try to push it away but I feel
that way he does not appreciate in good way how I do
the stitch
touch is
only below the lines in
diagonal of the third take like this
because I already fixed here in the contour of the
apple and I happened to the next row
to this row
and the same
down from the third tone down below
down
well until finishing each of the
diagonal rows and lines in
horizontal
the lines are already in this sense
now let's do them in the sense
contrary
here I have my thread and I put the same
needle below the lines of the third
tone the lines horizontally
below below
under
in diagonals I'm not doing
wheat
and I pass to the next
and so let's have it again in
all diagonal lines
I finished making the lines in the
Wrong Way
and with both lines diagonally
they formed these little eyes
these little eyes if you want
highlight these diamonds you can put another
completely different color so that
highlight the diamond
and why do you like the stitch for a
basket a vase or vase for
large fruits small fruits any
kind of fruit for a strawberry these
You can do horizontal lines in
black and your strawberry is even
even for a princess dress
Once you put the proper colors
every princess who wears her dress and
with that stitch you can apply it and
this time I want to thank my
friends and friends who see me from Spain
camps I never imagined that one of my
videos you would see from there from Peru
from Argentina from Chile to
Chile have given in Brazil
puerto rico and there is already I do not remember
from where more portugal from
portugal too and I do not remember that
since another country have written me
have posted comments messages to all
these countries to usa and my cute mexico
and dear many but thank you very much for
watch the videos of Granny Martita
that for you I keep going
I send many many kisses and many
thanks for watching the videos and if you
like this nice stitch denle the finger